It's a little low.
Can you say something so that I
can hear you too? Yes. OK,
great. OK, so we'll start with a
complex scene.
This is a reminder. Imagine
you're describing the scene that
someone who cannot see the
picture. Describe what is
happening and what you see and
take between three and five
minutes.
OK, so there's this. That
square is Zoom Square is in the
middle of the picture again, ohh
yeah, that's asking if it's OK
to record so you can.
It's OK. It moved all the way,
all right.
OK, start when you're ready.
OK Ohh you have glasses on.
#START_escape_from_the_zoo  It's
a picture of a zoo.
In the center of the picture is
an ice cream stand.
Um.
There's a lot of people and
animals.
And the picture there is on the
left hand side there's some
polar bears, raccoons and a
tree, zebras and flamingos.
In the middle.
There is.
A some kind of exhibit.
And with white.
Sand almost looks like a castle,
but I don't see any animals in
there.
Up above, there is a kangaroo.
And then the far top right there
is a some gorillas, a gorilla
exhibit.
Umm.
There is a rhinoceros that got
loose and people are running
away from it. It's running
through the zoo, the bottom part
of the.
Picture there's a lion exhibit,
and the lions are watching.
From above, the rhinoceros
chasing the people and there's a
several large giraffes. They
middle right of the picture
watching what's going on.
Below the ice cream stand there
is a hot dog vendor. People are
buying hot dogs.
what else there's just a lot of
people, a lot of people looking
at the animals.
Buying things.
The the one side were there. Ohh
some of the people were looks
like to try to get away from the
rhinoceros. They're jumping into
the elephant.
Exhibit.
Um, there's a Peacock. We're
taking pictures of the Peacock.
Ohh,
and there's the zookeepers have
a net and they're looking at the
exhibit with no animals in it. I
guess the rhinoceros was
supposed to be in that exhibit
where there is nobody there
asking customers what happened,
and one of the zookeepers has a
net and I guess they're trying
to find the rhinoceros that
escaped. #END_escape_from_the_zoo
OK, you're good on time. So we
can go on to the next picture.
So it's also a complex scene.
My.
#START_exhibit_12 That this is
a.
Portrait. Exhibit.
I guess like an art gallery, but
it's really, really crowded.
There's basically doesn't look
like there's any room. The
entire place is completely
filled with people. Yeah,
there's a lot of portraits on
the walls. There's several
levels, 123 levels with steps,
and there's people carrying.
Portraits up and down the steps.
There's some people on ladders.
Um, different types of ladders
and scaffolding. There's people
putting up more photos, more
portraits.
Umm.
And then?
It's.
In the middle there looks like
there's a policeman.
I don't know what they're doing.
Um, I guess we're trying to get
control of what's going on,
whatever's going on, and there's
people dressed up in all
different cultural costumes.
Um.
Different ones, and then there's
some of them are just dressed up
in different costumes, like
looks like aliens or astronauts.
Costumes. Almost everybody looks
like they're dressed up, and
some, not all of them. Some
people just have regular.
Clothes on. Some of them have
costumes on, some of them have
masks.
Hmm.
Umm.
And the portraits are all
different shapes, so there's a
ovals and squares and rectangles
and some of them look like
Windows with portraits in them
Just.
Can't really tell what's going
on, why it's it's almost like a
mob full of people, and I don't
know why, but they're doing some
people with wheelbarrows.
Portraits. #END_exhibit_12
That's OK then we can go on to
a different picture. OK.
#START_waldo_1 Ohh, this is a
picture of. It looks like a
center of a small town. In the
middle is a fountain and there
is a guy with a.
Scuba gear on and inside the
fountain. It's on top of the
fountain there's also a statue
of an Archer.
with the bow and arrow.
In the triangles like a triangle
when they're going around the
triangle in different. Cars,
motorcycles, scooters.
Um, there's lots of people
walking around.
On the bottom half of the photo,
that looks like some kind of.
Market
People are selling things a lot
of.
Like kiosks, tents, all the
Spanish people looking at the
merchandise to the left of that.
There is a.
Looks like an office building,
and there's a lot of people
sitting with wind in windows.
You can see people working at
desks, working on computers. In
the office building. There's
several window washers, looks
like window washers or building
washers with ladders. And then
there's, oh, there's some
washers up on the roof and
they're like jousting with
their.
You know mops.
Um.
Uh, the next building
Across the street.
It's hard to tell what kind of
building it is. It's a pink
building. There's several people
on the roof and it looks like
they're chasing a dog.
And there's some people walking
around the building.
On the other side of the
triangle, there's another
building with.
Ornate sign on top of another
triangle. Kind of looks like a
bank or something, but it
doesn't really say what it is.
In the street there's a.
Somebody coming out of the
manhole cover in front of it.
And then the the buildings on
the office, the other side of
the triangle is there's like 3
buildings to together.
Looks like it. Ohh. I guess it
looks like a restaurant with
some people sitting outside.
They're pouring wine.
In a barbershop.
Next to that in a bookshop.
In and down the street there is
a police station in a fire
station.
It's hard to tell
what the rest of the buildings
are. Maybe a shoe shop? I would
electronics store. People are
watching the TV in the window in
an auto body store. #END_waldo_1
It's midnight. Yeah. OK,
good.
All right.
OK, so you're about to see
graphic novels next.
There are a series of pictures
that tell us story, and again
imagine you're telling the story
that someone who cannot see the
pictures describe what you see
and what is happening. So take
between 10 to 15 minutes.
And this first one, this first
part has about two slides.
As they are like a book, this
one is from left to right, top
to bottom, just like you would
with a book.
OK.
#START_arrival_3 The pictures
are in black and white.
Um, there is a.
The boy maybe a teenage boy
holding what looks like a
newspaper and there's strange
writing on the paper. And then
there is a woman holding a cat
to woman. The other woman is
looking at at the woman holding
the cat, and then there is a
man.
With some kind of machine. Hmm,
smoke coming out of it.
And some kind of lizard
creature, and then a man and a
woman, and they have giant eggs
and a.
crate. It's 4 eggs and they're
putting them. I don't know if
they're putting them in the
crate or taking them out of the
crate.
The next photo is.
A man getting shaved.
A little boy standing next to
him.
Some kind of snail like
creatures walking down the
street and the next picture is 2
musicians, ones playing a some
type of accordion and the other
ones are playing a violin.
And then there's a picture. It
looks like all this is going on
in the street. There's a picture
of several woman.
Looks like she's reading. One
looks like she's knitting and
one's holding up some kind of
rabbit type creature and then
there's two more women and then
there's a man standing in the
street and he looks confused and
he's holding the suitcase.
OK, the man.
Is looking at his stopwatch and
then he's looking up and then
he's looking at.
A building with a clock on it.
And then he's walking down the
street with his suitcase and
he's kind of looking around and
he keeps walking and then
there's like.
Sparkly white lights.
Floating in the ear and he looks
up at them and he tries to touch
one because it looks like it
gets bigger and then it looks
like the lights are.
It's moving in his hat, or like
there's wind and his hat blows
off. Hat falls on the ground
with some strange. The ground
has some strange directional
writing on it with arrows
pointing and he said man picks
up his hat and puts it back on
and he's looking at these arrow
drawings.
Um, he kneels down by his
suitcase and he's looking at a
book. The book has this strange
writing in it. And then
A hand shows up in the picture
and kind of like taps him on the
shoulder and man looks up at
him.
the man
Looks like like he has a like an
Indian or Arabian outfit on
white turban on his head and
white clothes and he's puts out
his hand in the man's talking to
the man with the suitcases
talking to him.
Can't see the whole picture on
the other one zoom but me and
showing them something. They
looked at the book and the man
draws a bed and points to it.
And.
The man with the turban on his
head seems to know what he
means. He shows he points
somewhere and then he man with
the suitcase starts following
him and the the man with the
turbine and the white outfit on
has a.
Like a bat, sort
of like a backpack basket on his
back with some kind of animal in
it. #END_arrival_3
Alright, so this is that part
of the story and you were saying
that you couldn't see part of
the picture. Is it because yeah,
I can see, yeah.
You can either you can either
try to use the trackpad to move
my video around or I can stop
the video so.
Or maybe I can do this hide?
OK, so that's a little bit
better. OK, good, it helps
picture. OK. OK. So for the next
one, maybe you can try to play
around with my video and or I
can also just stop it.
All right, so we're going back
to a complex scene.
#START_wild_west This is.
Ohh OK, there's two.
Pages to this scene it's a lot
of buildings that looks like a
like a western town. Most of the
men wearing like cowboy hats and
cowboy boots.
There's a couple saloons,
several saloons in both pictures
onto saloons and hotels, general
stores and jail.
Bank and in the far right there
is a train, the train engine.
Ohh God.
In the left hand picture.
Ohh.
It was a gold mine that people
were going in and out of.
Um, there's people on the roof
for the hotel.
People on the roof of the the
saloon.
Um.
on the jail there's more people
on the roofs and there's people
down below and.
Or walking up and down the
streets.
And then in the right hand
picture, there's more picture
more. People on all of the
roofs. Some people are painting
one of the solutions. It looks
like they're painting it red.
There is a photo of a a large
photo screen of a.
Cowboy riding on horse and he's
waving to the people. The people
are watching him.
livery stable with some. I guess
they're putting horseshoes on
the horses.
Um.
There's some more people in the
picture with some steps. It
looks like it's a they're doing
a movie sheet type of thing.
Um, some people have.
Cameras and megaphones.
And um.
Not sure what they're doing with
the train, like there's a kind
of ohh I guess that's a like a.
Can't remember what they're
called. Like a wagon.
Not a wagon or coach. A coach
stuck on the train tracks.
And the trains
coming towards it. #END_wild_west
OK, we can move on to the next
one.
And this one is a graphic novel
as from here there are about
four pages.
#START_arrival_5 OK, the first
picture on the left is showing
they're all pictures are black
and white.
Showing some type of town.
There's.
Almost Castle rock type
buildings.
Since some type of birds, lots
of birds flying around in
flocks, it looks like the town
is on some type of water.
There's a boat in the water with
some people in it and then up on
the dock there's a whole bunch
of boats, like little row boats.
In the right hand picture there
is a looks like a.
statue of some type of cat.
And somebody's tying ropes
around rope around the statue.
Then there's a picture of two
men being with a hat on and
another man with glasses, and
he's talking to the man with the
hat on, and he's like opening
his arms and and pointing in a
direction. Then there's a little
boy going up a set of steps.
He's carrying a basket and
there's a.
Mouse type creature following
him.
um
The boy gives the basket to a
woman and then the man with the
glasses.
Takes the basket and.
hugs the woman
And then he introduced the male
with glasses seems to be
introducing them.
Woman and the man with the hat
and they're shaking hands the
woman.
Uh, gestures like she's
welcoming them into her house,
and then there's a picture of
four glasses.
It looks like the three adults
and the child has a different
type of glass, like a more of a
water type glass. Like they're
having a toast toasting
something, cheering something
and then they seem to be taking
things out of the basket.
It looks like strange rotten
vegetables.
And they're cutting the
vegetables up, slicing them.
And then they're doing something
with some type of machine. It's
hard to tell what they're doing.
And and then there's another
picture that looks like some
kind of strange looking.
Turkey that they might be
basting with a with a cup
holding.
OK, now the picture on the left
is the 3 adults and the child
and they're sitting around the
table.
Eating.
The man with the glasses looks
like he's some kind of blow
torch type of device and cooking
some of the food and the woman
and the man took off his hat now
but the woman in the in the man
are talking and the little boy
is feeding the animals that are
on the floor.
And the small pictures on the
right, the man with the glasses,
the woman and the man who took
off his hat all seemed to be
eating. And they're laughing.
Looks like they're enjoying.
their dinner, the man with the
glasses starts playing the
accordion and the woman starts
playing some type of.
Flute type animal and the little
boys playing some type of banjo
type.
Instrument.
Um.
and the man that had taken off
his hat it's a piece of paper.
Or he rips out a piece of paper
from his book and he.
Makes an origami cat looking
animal and it gives it to the
little boy.
And then the man with the
glasses opens a cupboard up and
takes out a some type of jar, a
vase or jar. And the the man
with the glasses and the woman
hold the jar up and then there's
a close up of it.
OK.
There's a close up of the jar
and then the jar a little bit
farther away on a table and then
a jar like a window like you can
see in the window and the the
jar is on the table.
The man seems to wake up.
Sleep. He's sleeping. He's
rubbing his eyes.
The mouse type creature sits on
the bed.
and the man pets pets the mouse
type creature, he gets dressed,
he balances his shirt and he
cuts some type of vegetable
looking.
Food and he's sitting at a table
with the food on a plate and the
knife, and he gives some of the
food to the the mouse like
creature.
Um. And then then the man put
has a vest on, he puts on a coat
and he looks down and the mouse
like creature is holding the
man's hat in his mouth.
It's.
OK.
The first pictures a scene of
several people walking down the
street.
It looks like several different
men have hats on there's.
Different creatures walking down
the street with them and.
Bat bird like creatures flying
in the air
Um, then there's a picture of
some men. It's hard to tell what
they're doing, like they have
some sticks with them.
In some kind of furnaces.
furnace.
I don't know what they are.
There's smoke coming out of
them.
There's another man with a hat
and he's holding a basket and it
looks like there's.
Kind of strange fish like
creatures looking up at them
with their mouths open. And then
there's a.
Looks like two women and maybe a
man.
In the other table or counter.
One woman is on there on one
side of the corner and the other
two people are on the other side
of the counter.
And they're doing some kind of
transaction and then there's
another man and he's.
Have some kind of almost like a
symbol with Indian type design
on it.
And then there is looks like
another man. He's on a ladder
and he's.
Painting the wall.
Was scrolling lines and a woman
behind a cart.
I can't tell what she's doing.
So then the man with the hat.
goes to the door and he's
talking to another man. He looks
the other man, looks like he's a
has a chef's outfit on and a
chef's hat and he's holding a a
bowl with a spoon and the little
mouse type of creatures on the
floor with them and then the
man.
Goes and talks a different man
and it looks like a some type of
mechanic he has. He's holding a
wrench. Mechanic has some kind
of lizard creature with them and
the man has a mouse creature
with them and the man all all of
the people he talks to is
holding up their hands like.
There's they're denying them
something, and then the man
talks to another woman, it looks
like in a shop, and she's
holding up her hands on the
counter, and then the man looks
like he's talking to.
Uh, somebody with
some type of airplane with a
propeller on it, and he's
holding up his hands. #END_arrival_5
OK, so that was this part of
the story.
OK.
So then we're moving back to a
complex scene.
Send.
#START_make_a_splash OK, so
picture of a a large water park
swimming pool and there's
several different color yellow.
Red, Green, blue slides and
there's slides, curvy slides on
the left of the the pole and
there's straight steep slides on
the right side of the pole. And
there's lots of people in the
swimming pool along the
walkways, there's lifeguards
sitting on the walkways in the
middle of the picture is a.
pirate ship. There's lots of
kids playing on it, climbing the
ladders and sliding down the
slides and.
There's a like a.
a pretend dragon the kids are
playing on, and it on the left
of there's an elephant.
Squirting water out of his nose
that the kids are playing on.
And then there's like a a lazy
river going around the swimming
pool and all the people in
yellow inner tubes floating
around the the river in the
center is just a giant swimming
pool. There's some lifeguards in
there, there's people playing
and all in their bathing suits.
There's a another type of.
Dragon Snake that their kids are
people are sitting on.
Um, on the far left there's a
grassy area that people are
laying on.
Blankets.
on our right
there are some type of balls in
the water up there. They're
squirting water, spraying water
down it like the people who are
underneath it with the water. #END_make_a_splash
Alright, so moving on to
different picture.
#START_campsite OK, this one
looks like it's a.
Some type of campground. On the
top there's a some kind of river
going through the campground on
the top. On one side of the
campground there's campers RV's.
And there's people walking
around, there's pathways on the
other side of the river, there's
all tents, people in tents.
Um, on the far
Left of the campground there is.
Cows and bulls.
And then on the far right,
there's like boys, some kind of
scouts, scouts in the picture.
These people doing.
Along the river there's people
in boats, there's mermaids,
there's there's fish, there's
people fishing.
There's a bridge going over the
rivers, people walking back and
forth across the bridge, and
then there it looks like there's
hikers.
And they're all hiking in a row,
and a lot of them are.
Falling down, I'm not sure why.
They're on the ground. Hmm.
Um.
And then all the people in the
tents and then the RV's are just
doing different things. Some
people are biking on the trails.
And up above, it
looks like there's a there's
fields. #END_campsite
So what else is going on?
Hey, you know we can go on.
To the next complex scene.
Ohh.
It's OK.
#START_ancient_rome This was a
it's a large gladiator arena.
Um, it's a a large circle arena.
There's people in the stands all
around watching and then up on
the right hand side it looks
like there's a.
Guards.
With the uniforms on and Shields
and there looks like there's
somebody up above sitting on a.
Some kind of couch watching the
some type of tournament and then
there they have a in the middle
in the arena, there's the
gladiators.
They're fighting with each
other. They're fighting.
They have Shields and swords.
There's like gladiator type.
Carriages being pulled by
horses. And then there's lions.
In the arena there's a couple
lions.
In this stands for some reason.
on the bottom right. And then
there's a bunch of lions forming
a pyramid and getting in. That's
why they're they're climbing up
on each other, forming a period
pyramid, and going into the
arena stands into the stands.
And then um.
Let's see. I guess a lot of the
gladiators are just fighting
each other with the swords of
the and then there's a door, and
there's more lions coming into
the arena through the door.
Oh, and then there's some type
of leopards also on the bottom
left.
Also, they're
attacking, attacking some of the
people inside the arena. #END_ancient_rome
That was time. So we'll do one
more and then we'll have a
break, OK?
#START_picture_this Ohh the
large there's all small pictures
of all different things.
um
there's just. I mean I there
doesn't seem to be any real
pictures like related.
Umm.
There's on the left, there's
pictures of a.
A red animal. A camel like
jokers. A gladiator.
It's strange pictures of a like
a guy looking out of a house and
up a giant or something coming
out of the house and he's taking
the roof off the house.
Looks like some type of beer and
a caveman cactuses Vikings well
guys with Viking hats on arms.
Violin.
Um.
Men and women walking some
strange looking animals like
Dragons and hippopotamuses and
Knights and I man being pulled
by a dog.
Um.
Some more knights with swords,
Cavemen with wheels, pictures of
feet on the right hand side.
There's little like a little
more caveman and fish and like
sumo wrestlers and Napoleon
looking guy.
Like a Napoleon type of military
hat on and trees with faces and
sticking out their tongues.
More interesting ones a man
leaning against the palm tree
and the palm tree seems to the
spark seems to be bending the
trunk.
Um, I man on a motorcycle.
Two men brushing a hippopotamus
teeth.
It looks like
a woman carrying a a man with a
Viking hat on. #END_picture_this
This.
All right. We are good. Let's
take a break, OK?
And continue to the next one,
which is a story.
You can start telling the story
when you're ready.
#START_quest OK, Umm, the first
page is a picture. It looks like
they're in a park. There's a
park bench and a trash can, and
there's a large statue of a
winged.
a winged person, on the right
page it looks like a boy and a
girl they are
Inside a underneath a bridge and
like an underpass.
The boy has a purple bird on his
shoulder.
You can see the park bench from
on the opposite side of the
bridge.
In another statue. And then
there's a it's raining the door
inside the bridge, and there is
a bicycle with a purple wheel
and a red wheel.
The door under the bridge opens,
its a wooden door, and a man
comes out. He looks kind of like
a wizard. He has a crown one. He
has a like an orange outfit on
long robed outfit and he's
holding.
A piece of paper with circles on
it, like a double circle. And
then there's those circles on
the circle. They're all
different colors. And it
startles the boy and the girl.
The the boy has a purple in the
in the bird, the bird flies up
in the air. The boy has a purple
crayon and the girl has a red
crayon. And then.
The the wizard Type Man points
gives the piece of paper to the
boy and he's pointing, and then
through the door there's two
guards and silver armor and
Spears and they grab the wizard.
And the wizard has an orange
crayon. It fly crayon flies up
in the air, and the guards take
the wizard back and through the
door, and the orange crayon that
the wizard was holding is now
laying on the ground.
OK, so the little girl picks up
the orange crayon and she has a
like a.
Belt around her shoulder and
round her waist. She puts the
crayon in the belt and the boy
is and she's holding her red
crayon, the boys holding his
purple crayon with the purple
bird on his shoulder, and he's
holding these piece of paper
that the wizard gave him.
The girl starts drawing on the
wall.
In red looks like a like a red
key and the boys draws on the
ground a purple key and the boy
and girl hold up the keys and
then they go inside the wooden
door with the purple bird flying
falling them.
It's.
OK, OK, now they're inside what
looks like a.
Castle.
And they're on a rock in a what
looks like a Moat.
There's some blimp like.
Uh, flying machines above the
castle looks like it's on fire,
like one of the tires is on
fire, and then it also looks
like fires below and inside the
castle.
Looks like to the left of the
boy and girl on the rock there's
a like a cave cave ruler and
then on the right hand picture
it's a closer up picture of the.
Castle.
and the wizard is on a boat.
Going through the the moat type
thing and they're going through
an archway going farther into
the castle and the guards are
with him on the boat.
OK.
On either side of the castle
there looks like there's a a
bridge like a drawbridge, and
there's looks like a guard on
it. Guards on top of the bridge
and there's the castle is has is
more on fire.
Fire is getting worse and the
the boy and girl are looking at
the map with the circles at the
on that sitting on that rock
that the wizard gave them. The
piece on the piece of paper with
the circles and the boat is
going farther away, like out to
sea with the wizard on it and
the two guards. And then there's
a close up of this piece of
paper.
that the Wizard gave them and it
looks like a map, and each
circle there's six circles has a
different picture on it. There's
pictures of like a sea, castle,
tree, the palm tree and
mountain.
OK, so the boy and girl are
still sitting standing on the
rock.
Holding the map in the purple
birds flying above them and down
this river type Moat comes
several.
Ships looks like small Viking
type ships and there's guards on
them. Most of the guards are in
silver armor, but there's one
person in yellow in the guard
standing next to the persons
holding a yellow looks like a
bird cage.
So the boy and the girl standing
on the rock get their red and
purple crayons. And the girl.
Draws a red.
Red flippers on her feet and I
guess red.
Scuba diving equipment helmet
and the boy in purple draws ohh.
He has red flippers on too, but
he draws it looks like
Tentacles, some type of octopus
type creature and then the boy
and girl dive into the water and
all you can see is the red
flippers up above the water.
OK um, the boy and girl swimming
with the red helmets and red
oxygen tanks and flippers under
the water.
and the Purple Bird has a little
red oxygen tank one. Also, he's
swimming under the water and
they're following the off the
purple octopus that the boy grew
and they.
Um, for being led to some type
of.
Hard to tell what it is under
the water. Some kind of like
Atlantis type?
Building and in the middle of it
is a like a Parthenon type thing
and it's yellow and glow glowing
yellow is gold.
OK, so the boy and the girl in
the purple bird swim over into
this Parthenon type building
with columns, and some of the
columns are like broken in the
middle. There's a.
Almost like a fountain type
thing and it has seahorses all
around it. It's a column on the
top is like a seashell.
And.
The boys holding the map that
the wizard gave the girl looks
like she's holding ohh she's
picks up a yellow crayon, yellow
type crayon and.
The boy and girl start swimming
away in the purple bird,
swimming away holding on to the
octopus. Plus the girl puts the
yellow crayon into this belt she
has that's holding all all the
crayons. So now she has a red
one and orange 1, yellow one and
the boy's purple one. And guards
start swimming after them, with
the Yellow Guard leading the way
with the Spears and pointing at
them.
So the boy and girl make it back
to land, they get out of the
water and they look like they're
on some type of like an island
type setting with palm, lots of
palm trees, and they pull out
the red and purple crayons again
and they start drawing
something. It looks like the
boys drawing some type of
possibly an animal and the girl
looks like she's on top of the
animal she's drawing some type
of.
Saddle I don't. Maybe, but it's
hard to tell what they're what
they're drawing yet.
OK, so they drew a purple
rhinoceros with a red saddle
like a a rug type saddle with a
with a canopy above it, and it
looks like they're sitting on
the rhinoceros. He's taking them
to a pyramids.
And there's statues guarding the
pyramids, the purple birds
flying in above them.
And then there is a photo of the
island.
looks very much like an island
with palm trees and some of the
pyramids. And there is a.
Like rope bridge, suspension
bridge from the Cliff over to
another.
Pyramid type structure that's
out into the water.
OK, so the boy and girl start
going over the suspension bridge
towards this pyramid that's out
in the water and the birds
flying above them.
And on the very top of this
pyramid structure, there's some
kind of yellow beacon beacon
flashing like flashing lights.
So the boy and girl get to this
peak when they're at the top, at
the very top of this pyramid,
with this yellow beacon in.
The scourge or the soldiers
start coming across the
suspension bridge with their
Spears still chasing them and
the purple bird is flying above
them.
So then the boy starts drawing
some type of.
Um.
Almost looks like some kind of
fan blades.
In purple and the girl is
drawing as some kind of box kind
of wooden box in red
Ohh, so they drew the well. The
boy apparently drew some type of
like mosquito type creature with
wings and purple, and they're
sitting on a swing seat with red
swing seat with red.
Uh swing ropes attached to the
purple mosquito like creature
and the boy and girl get on the
swing seat with the in. The
purple bird gets on the boys
shoulders and the the purple
mosquito flies away. This giant
mosquito and the guards try to
grab them but they miss. They
they they fly away in on this
swing seat and then there's
mountains in the background now
like Snowy mountains.
That they're flying towards.
OK, so then they um the mosquito
flew in from they jump off the
the swing seat onto like a a
Buddha type.
Um, mausoleum type structure.
Statue in there on the very top
of it.
And it looks like there's guards
still trying to fly towards them
in these blimp type air
machines.
And then the girl holds up her
belt with all the crayons on it.
Now they have 1236 crayons, all
different colors on the belt.
Umm.
The guards and soldiers are
flying towards them in these
blimp like air machines.
And again, all this, all this,
the guards with the silver armor
on it and the one person with
the yellow and the other person
will still holding the yellow
bird cage and they're trying to
get to the little boy and girl
in the purple bird look like he
grabs the belt with all the
different color crayons and he
he's holding out, trying to fly
away.
And then the other picture is
just a picture of these guards
in the blimp's air machines.
Ohh so the when the bird flies
away.
Carrying this belt with all the
different crayons in it, he
forms a rainbow. All different
color rainbow.
Up in the air
And the boy and girl still
standing on top of this statue,
the Buddha type statue and the.
Guy with the yellow outfit on
his waving his fist in the
blimp.
And it seems as if the guards
are falling off the blimps like
the the blimps are falling and
the birds are falling out and
they're the one with the yellow
bird cages falling out of the
blimp.
Ah, so the rainbow goes all the
way from the mountain where this
Buddha statue isn't. It ends.
The other end of the rainbow
hits the boat where the guards
had captured the wizard, and the
wizard holds up his hand.
And there's a lot of people.
There's a bunch of people in the
boats or soldiers.
And they're holding up their
hands and waving, and the guards
with the armor jumping out of
the boat into the water.
So then they have a picture of
the castle, and there's a
colorful, all different color
rainbow above the castle. And
the castle is based in like a
yellow light.
And you can see the purple
mosquito and the purple bird
flying, and on the boat is the
boy and girl in there.
Riding on their purple
rhinoceros and the wizard. He
might be a king. He has. I guess
he has a crown on is sitting
also sitting on the rhinoceros.
And they're waving.
And people are waving at him and
they're they're on the boat
floating down the river like in
front of the castle.
Ohh.
So yeah, I guess it's a king he
has a crown on. Anyways, they.
The wizard and the boy and the
girl get off the rhinoceros and
they go down some steps.
They get back onto the rock near
the waterfall in the The Cave
door where they came from, where
they came in and there was a
tentacles of the purple octopus
in the water and you can see the
purple mosquito flying by. Then
the king starts drawing
something on the wall with his
yellow crayons, some squiggly
lines. Ohh he draws a Crown, 2
yellow crowns and he puts.
One on the boy's head and then
the the little girl also has a
yellow crown on and they start
going through the.
Cave like door again, and they
wave at the king, and the king
like that, holds his hands up
like he's thanking them.
Then the boy and girl.
Have the purple and red crayons
and the yellow crowns one and
they go back through the wooden
door in under the the bridge
into the park again and they're
looking out and it looks like a
a big city with skyscrapers from
the park.
Where they're standing, they can
see the city and there's a
colorful rainbow.
In the sky above the
city and the purple birds flying
above them. #END_quest
OK, so this is the story and
we're going to stay with these
children for the next story.
OK.
#START_return So picture of a
house, there's two floors and
it's like a.
A cut side of the house like
that you can see into each room
like a dollhouse.
In the top floor, on the left
hand side, there's a man with
like a.
It's a sketchpad drawing
something, and there's a red.
Kite coming into the room.
And on the bottom floor.
Is the little girl now she has
her yellow crown on holding
something red. Looks like a ball
and.
She's drawing a red door on the
wall in the first floor.
OK, so the man is sitting at the
sketch pad. He turns around and
sees the red kite on the floor.
He bends over and picks up the
kite, and then the next picture
is he's.
He's gone. He's not at the
sketchpad anymore and the kite
is on the ground. And then the
next photo.
He got went into the room where
the little girl had drawn the
red door and he's peeking inside
the door.
He goes inside the door and it
comes out into a forest with
yellow.
Golden lit lanterns all hanging
from the trees, and there is a
some kind of Creek or small
river running through the
forest. On the dock is of the
red ball that the little girl
was holding.
So the man picks up the ball and
then coming down this Creek is a
Viking looking boat. It doesn't
seem like there's anybody in it.
Um.
It floats past the dock and the
man's holding the ball and he
gets into the boat while he's
holding the ball, the red ball.
OK, another man is floating down
this river in this Viking
looking boat machine and he.
Floats down past the castle.
And.
Up above on the drawbridge is
somebody in a looks like some
type of red, like some type of
little red boat, and they're
heavy, has have a yellow crown
on.
The man jumps off the Viking
type boat and he leaves the ball
on the boat and he jumps onto
the dock.
And he waves, and the little boy
and little girl with their
crowns on or or standing on the
steps of the dock. And the king
is standing there, and the
purple bird is is there. And
then the man.
Walks with them.
In the king and the way or
looking at the little girl and
there's a.
a chair
And the little boy turns like
she doesn't want to go back. And
the boy and the man and the king
all look upset. They're shocked
or upset.
Uh.
So while they're all the the man
the little boy, little girl in
the king are all standing there,
somebody comes on another one of
these Viking looking boats comes
off the boat.
And then they start coming up
the steps and they're and
there's the guards with the the
Spears, and they're pointing.
Towards the king and the boy and
the girl and the the man. And
the king holds up his hand with
the yellow crayon and it's kind
of lights up.
So the king starts drawing
something in the air
And he draws a yellow sword, and
he holds the sword up against
the guard.
And I can't tell the guard has
some kind of box.
Can't tell what it is, and it
looks like he's stealing all the
crayons, all the different
colored crayons, and he runs
away with the box and the
guards. They're holding the king
back so the king can't chase
after them.
So then the little boy starts
drawing wings with the purple
crayon and the man in the.
Girl in the Purple Bird are
standing there while he's
drawing and then he draws some
type of Griffin type creature
with wings and they the man in
the little brown little boy all
get on the griffin type creature
in.
The creature flies away and the
guy with the box with the
crayons in it or or trying to
get get them before they fly
away.
Ohh.
So then, um, the king.
I guess the guards captured them
and they're in some kind of now
it looks like the Viking type
ship has wings and it's flying
in the air and it's trace
chasing the little boy and
little girl in the me in on the
Griffin up in the air, the
castle.
Ohh looks like the.
Also, the little boy might have
lost his purple pen. the boy
falls out.
Yeah, the boy falls out of the
on the next page.
Yeah, he falls out off the
Griffin and the king grabs them.
That's on the. This Viking type
of airship now grabs him by the
hand and then it looks like the
man and the little girl fall off
the Griffin and the and the man
grabs the little girl's hand.
Yeah, and then the man and the
little girl.
In the purple bird like creature
fall into the water. In the
ocean, there's fish swimming
around under the water and the
little girl starts drawing
something with her red pen.
A red crayon.
She draws a submarine.
So the men and the little girl
in the purple bird are now all
inside the submarine.
In the water, there's some
telescopes above the water in
the submarine
So they float into a cave.
and the man, in the little girl,
in the purple bird, or.
well the man and the little girl
standing on top of the submarine
and they're looking at what
looks like cave drawings. Hmm.
And the little girl points to a
cave drawing.
Um, it looks like.
Two people and one of them's
holding something in their hand,
maybe one of those crayons that
light up, and then the other
person is might be a woman and
she has some type of.
Peel or something is point
something out of it in The Cave
drawing and then the second
picture is just a picture of the
The Cave and the water.
So the man and the little girl
looking at all the drawings on
The Cave and they're walking
through The Cave.
and coming towards them as a
looks like another one of the
Viking boats with the king on it
and the guards.
So the man takes the purple
crayon, you know, I guess a
black crayon, and he starts
drawing something on the wall
and it's a looks like a bird
cage with a door or some kind of
frame that's holding the bird
cage. And the purple bird gets
on in the bird cage on the perch
of the bird cage.
So then the guard comes with the
box.
And he's trying to get the bird
from the bird cage and it looks
like the tail or the purple bird
is going into this box.
And then he the guard runs up
the ramp of this birdcage.
And he gets the the the walls of
the bird cage all folded up and
he's the guard is captured
inside the cage and.
The man is holding this box and
there's some purple feathers
coming out-of-the-box.
So the man throws the box on the
ground and breaks it open, and
this bird turns into this large
purple.
Dragon like creature and there's
all kinds of colors coming out.
Out into the year from the box.
Purple, red, yellow, greens,
Blues and the king and the
little boy.
Jump off of the Viking boat into
The Cave or running towards
them. There's a perfect
butterfly and then the the
guards and the silver armor are
like holding their their hands
up over their eyes.
So the guards.
Float away in the Viking boat
they leave in the man, the
little girl, little boy and the
king were all inside The Cave.
And there's all kinds of birds
flying out of The Cave. They're
all different colors. And then
the purple dragon like creature
is holding the bird cage.
And the little girl hugs the
man, and she still has the red
crayon in her back pocket, the
the king, and has his hands on
the little boy's shoulders, the
purple bird. And then there's a
wooden door, and coming out from
the wooden door is the the
purple kite.
So there's a picture of the city
again and the purple flock kite
is flying up in the air and you
can see the skyscrapers and the
different buildings and a
portion of the the house.
A cut out doll House
side of the house. See the
different rooms. #END_return
OK, so that was the story and
you've got two-story.
The next one is one page complex
scene.
#START_airport OK, it is a
picture of an airport.
About.
3/4 of the page on the top of
the page is outside of the
airport, and at the very bottom
is.
1/4 of the pages inside of the
airport.
Inside the airport there is the.
The luggage where you pick up
your luggage turn style. Um,
there's guards.
And like a guard desk security
desks.
They're having people with their
luggage go.
Some people go to the counter in
the security is  looking through
the luggage.
They're searching people for
weapons. It's a security
counter.
There looks like there's some um
flight attendants.
Um.
And some more counters with
luggage and a lot of people
walking around.
Suitcases on the outside of the
building, the airport.
Oh, and right above the there's
some kind of like observation.
Deck above on the building with
some people looking out at the
airplanes. So unlike the two top
2/3 of the two quarters of the
picture is all outside in the
airport there's several
airplanes.
There's a lot of people in blue
uniforms I guess luggage
handlers. Some of them are
taking luggage out of the
airplanes and putting them on
some kind of carts. And some of
the people, blue people have or
like sitting on crates smoking.
Some of the people in the blue
uniforms are in the fire truck
some of the blue people in the
blue uniforms are loading
luggage
Um, there's people getting on
buses.
There's people getting off of
airplanes.
There's people.
There's an airplane in the
background that's being loaded
with elephants.
In the background, there's
there's airplanes taking off.
Um, there's blimps. There's a
hot air balloon. There's a
helicopter.
They have some
flags in the back of the runway
and it looks like the
helicopters. The flags are
falling off the flag poles, some
type of old-fashioned biplane in
the air. #END_airport
Oh, OK, you're good with time,
so we can move on.
#START_deep_sea_divers OK, this
is a scene in.
some type of water ocean scene
the top.
Quarter of the picture is above
the water. In 3/4 of the picture
on the bottom is all showing the
scene below the water.
Above the water, there's lots of
men.
Um, most of them. They're all in
rowboat type row boats with
stripes on them, different
colors, purple, green, red with
stripes. And most of them are
fishing and they have striped.
Swimsuits on. There's some with
woman that was striped.
Swimsuits too. But men all have
striped swimsuits. Hmm. There's
one sailboat with a striped sail
on it, and then there is some
people are fishing on rocks.
There's a there's a set of rocks
with mermaids on it below the
water.
There's all kinds of more people
with striped bathing suits on,
and there's different schools of
fish. There's swordfish and
small fish and jellyfish, and
there's more mermaids swimming
under the water.
Um, there's some type of rock
fish and octopus and some of the
the people in the striped
bathing suits are walking on the
bottom of the ocean. There's
treasure chest and they opened
it up and there's a looks like a
fish inside of it.
Some of the fish are forming
different shapes. Some school of
fish is forming at three arrows.
Another school fishes forming a
smiley face. Another school of
fish is forming a larger fish.
There sea serpents there.
Some of the people in the water
have some kind of fishing
Spears.
And it looks like the fish are
angry.
And all the
people in the water. #END_deep_sea_divers
OK, let's go to the next one.
#START_by_the_lake OK, this is a
scene at a lake. In the middle
top of the picture is the lake
and then on the bottom is sand.
Well, the sandy beach in up on
the far right top is a.
Some kind of cabin. And then
there's a dock going out into
the lake and some rocks and
stones. There's people on, lots
of people, lots of people on the
beach, playing volleyball,
sitting on blankets,
socializing, flying kites.
kicking around a soccer ball.
and getting rafts and boats out
into the water.
Using Nets. Um, there's a little
looks like a little building
sandcastles.
A little more shallow area where
there's lots of kids playing
with Nets and trucks and sand
buckets and then going out into
the water. There's there's
people kayaking and people on
floats and inner tubes. There's
people on each other's
shoulders. There's just people
swimming around.
People on row boats, people on
wave runners. There's a some
kind of like diving dock, a
bunch of people on that, people
climbing up the ladder to get on
it, people jumping off of it.
People sitting on the dock
fishing.
There's people on.
Paddle boats, sail boats.
There's skiers there's.
Water skiers forming a pyramid
being pulled by a boat.
There's para sailors
Um.
There's I can't
remember what they called stand
up boards. People on boards and
then going towards there's a
mermaid sitting on a rock. These
people sitting on the rocks
watching and water and there's
people biking going towards the
cabin. There's people looks like
they're grilling and sitting and
eating at picnic tables with
coolers. #END_by_the_lake
We're good on time.
So next.
#START_birthday_party_fun OK, this
is a I guess a birthday party.
It's being held outdoors.
On the top right, there's a
large um.
Blow up, uh, jumpy castle. And
there's lots of people in the
castle jumping up and down.
Everybody looks like they're
dressed in costumes. All
different costumes.
In the middle bottom of the
picture, there's a wading pool.
And people were inside the the
pool
Dumping water on each other's
heads? Squirting water guns at
each other.
In the left corner of the
picture is a table with.
All kinds of packages are
birthday gifts on the table, and
then on the the middle left
there's a large table with food.
All kinds of food.
Umm.
There's people with playing
games with Pinata, there's looks
like people. Different people
playing games are blowing
bubbles, hiding in the bushes,
and everybody has a costume on.
And then there's a woman looking
over the fence and an orderly
elderly woman looking over the
fence party.
There's clown with holding
balloons.
What else is going on? There's
people with masks on.
There's
some kind of like lanterns
hanging from all the trees. #END_birthday_party_fun
So I was OK. We're good. We can
go on. OK.
Ohh what is this?
#START_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
What's going on? On the left
hand side of the picture there's
a picture of like a mountain and
a volcano, and it's a caveman
picture. Everybody has cavemen
clothes on and there's Dragons,
Dragons, there's dinosaurs.
Yeah.
Um, some kind of reptiles
And.
It looks like there's camera
lights, like maybe they're
filming some kind. They're
filming different.
Scenes for a movie.
On the bottom left it looks like
a.
Dressing room, because people,
there's a there's a counter with
mirrors and people are putting
on makeup and getting their hair
done, and there's dinosaurs
walking out the door and Cavemen
and mummies, like they're all
people getting all into their
costumes.
More lights.
Lots of like movie lights and
then on the right hand picture
it turns into it like an outer
space type picture and there's
flying saucers and there's
astronauts floating around
through the sky.
It's, uh, some of the astronauts
are on the ground.
It's hard to tell. It looks like
a cafeteria.
And people are getting food.
They're still all dressed up in
all different costumes from the
movie scenes and they're getting
food and they're eating their
buffet style food. And then at
the top is there scaffolding and
more movie lights and.
People filming. #END_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
All right.
Um.
#START_being_a_pirate Seeing
looks like they're in the ocean,
and almost it's the whole
picture is ocean, except for a
little bit on the right hand
side where there's a beach and
in the ocean there's several
large.
Pirate ships. And then there's a
bunch of smaller pirate ships
and what people rowing. And
there's pirates on all the blood
ships all fill. All the small
rowboat ships are all filled
with people.
It looks like there's people in.
Blue stripes.
In some of the boats.
But I can't tell.
What they are doing um. The
large ships are far in cannons,
it's a smaller ships.
On the beach there's all people
dressed in blue stripes. It
looks like they're trying to
maybe defend the land from the
pirates, and some of the people
went out onto the boats to try
to defend the pirates.
From the pirates
So they're fighting, and then
there's octopus in the water
fighting some of the boats.
There's at least one boat here
that looks like it's sank.
Um, there's people in the water
and they're pulling people out
of the water, and then there's
people jumping in the water.
Some of the people are shooting
cannons into the onto the beach.
They're shooting cannons into
onto the large ship and they're
fighting on the large ship and
trying to push people off the.
Pirate ship.
There's splashes in the water. #END_being_a_pirate
OK, so.
This one, if you didn't catch
it, we are at 23 and I told you
that we have 26 items in total
and you're making really good
progress, meaning that you're
almost there. OK. But the last
three, 2425 and 26 are all
stories, so they're a bit
longer. We can either do them
now, which will.
Be a little overtime. You will
probably be 15 to 20 minutes
over because there's stories,
but then you don't have to come
again. Or we can save all of
them for next time. But that
would just be maybe 20 minutes
that you called. Yeah. Well,
will they just pay me for
whatever time I'm here, the
extra 20 minutes or whatever?
Yeah. OK. So we might as well
just stay and get it done. OK.
Sounds OK.
That would be what I do. Just
just. Yeah, as long as I get
paid for it the the time. That's
all. Yes, of course. Right.
Sounds good. OK. Yeah. You're
making good progress. So, OK,
next story has about 8 pages.
#START_arrival_4 OK, is this
black and white photos. There's
a man.
Looks like he's taking a shower
and then he is standing over a
sink holding a little hand
mirror and he's shaving. And
then he's getting dressed. He's
buttoning, he's putting on a
vest and buttoning it up.
Um. And then he's putting shoes
on and tying his shoelaces.
In his hand he has some money,
looks like a a bill, and then
some coins, and he picks up his
hat and then there's a picture
of a looks like a map, and then
there's a picture of the map in
the man's hands, and then
there's the man standing holding
the map and the mouse like
creature is.
Standing on the ground, looking
up at him.
It looks like the man's walking
down some type of Street
and the mouse type creatures
walking behind them and then
there's a picture that looks
like.
Some kind of Street almost a
highway and there's some
buildings in the background and
cone shaped buildings look like
tipis
Then there's another picture of
the map and the man holding the
map.
Looking at the map, trying to
read the map, and then the
there's a farther away picture
of the man standing holding the
map, and the mouse creatures
looking at him, standing below
him, looking at him.
Umm.
And then there's a a larger
photo.
With several people and there's
a lot of the cone tipi looking
buildings and then there's a
looks like a some type of bridge
with some kind of ship flying.
In the air, but going underneath
the bridge.
Ohh.
On the sidewalk or street, it
looks like the mouse creature is
talking to another creature that
looks like a.
Some kind of bird with pointy,
tall, tight pointy ears, long
pointy ears. And the man is
holding the map with the mouse
creature below him, standing
below him, and he's looking at a
woman.
And the bird like creature I
guess, is standing next to the
woman and she's holding a book,
reading a book, and the man says
something to the woman, he holds
his hand out and the woman looks
at the map.
And it looks like she's pointing
at something on the map.
Yeah, and then she's pointing to
a machine is a strange looking
machine, but it looks like a
telephone. The phone dial on it
and.
She dials something on the phone
and then pulls a lever and
something comes out, almost like
it looks like some type of
ticket comes out of a.
Tube or funnel in the women
points to holds the ticket and
points to it, and then she hands
it to the man.
And then the woman, and it's
hard to tell what they're doing.
They're looking at something and
she's holding up three fingers
and then.
It's a scene of.
A bunch of people standing and
looking up at the flying boat
type.
Machines flying in the air and
then.
Some of them are pointing to the
flying machines and they're
standing there in the flying
type machine that almost looks
like a.
I can't think what it's called.
A sternwheel type of machine.
Looks like it lands on the
ground.
And then the man holding the map
and the mouse type creature are
walking and it looks like
somebody's stamping or
validating the man's ticket. And
then the person is pointing like
showing the man where to go.
So the man gets on, which I'm
assuming is this.
A flying ship.
And there's wooden benches. He
sits down on the bench with the
mouse type creature and the
woman, not sure if it's the same
woman with the bird, is also
sitting on the bench talking to
him.
and the man is holding up his
arms like he doesn't know
something.
And he's gesturing.
Putting his hand on his chest
and he has one hand out and then
he.
Is looking at something or
getting something out of like an
inside coat pocket and he holds
up a piece of paper and on the
paper in the top left corner of
this paper is a photo of it
looks like a little girl.
and the woman.
Puts her hand up to her chest or
her heart like she shows concern
and then she goes into her bag
and she pulls out her.
Oh, it's hard to. That's a
picture. Her picture. There's a
picture of a little girl on the
top left hand. The man's picture
really doesn't show. You can't
tell what the picture is on the
top left hand side. So and then
there's a.
Several small photos on the
other page.
Looks like a woman or a little
girl holding a book. Reading a
book.
and larger hands, grabbing her
and she looks very scared.
And then there's the larger
hands putting the book inside a
drawer. And then he's locking
something with a key for and he
he grabs the little girl's arm
and he's holding a shovel, and
he hands her the shovel.
And points to what looks like
some type of stove with a fire
inside, and the little girl is
shoveling something into this.
Furnace with the fire inside and
it's.
Showing like she's doing it in
the rain, she's doing snow.
She's doing it in the heat in
the daytime in the night time
she climbed Ohh then  smoke
starts coming out of the
furnace. She gets a ladder with
a like a chimney brush and she's
putting the chimney brush inside
the the chimney of this furnace.
And then there's a picture like.
Ohh dozens and dozens of these
little rooms with Fern, all
these furnaces in them. And
there's little girls inside each
room shoveling into these
furnaces and and cleaning the
furnaces. And the little girl,
once she gets up on top of the
chimney, I think she's she
realizes there's dozens of these
people, kids, these little girls
shoveling into these.
furnaces. So then the next
picture is they're showing her
in this what it looks like a
small room sitting on the floor
in her bare feet, and she's
crying or upset.
And she takes the shovel and
she's looking at the door and
she uses the shovel to.
Open the door, get the door
opened, and she peeks out of the
door.
She looks scary. It looks like
she goes outside the door into
that the drawer, and she gets
her book and then she's running
with her book and it looks like
she's running.
Outside, let's use escaping. She
climbs through some type of
window with the book and she's
sitting inside the window or
door.
Kind of crunched over.
and the books on the floor
beside her and then the next
picture is a picture of a train.
Ohh she must have been. I guess
she was going inside the train.
One of the train cars. OK.
So she she got into one of these
train cars.
So the next picture is a picture
of the city with some billboards
and a flying.
Boat.
Type machine and you can see the
benches with people sitting on
them and the man and the woman
are still sitting on the bench
and they're pointing and then it
looks like some kind of type of
conductor or person is using a
megaphone and then.
It looks like they're lying.
They land.
And.
The man and woman shake hands
and the man walks away with his
mouse type creature and then
he's looking up and he looks
confused and then he looks like
he's in some type of town with
steps, and there's a few people
walking up and down the steps
and there's some kind of.
A statue or creature, and
there's holding a basket with.
Fruit in it.
Then the man is walking down the
street with his mouse creature
and there's a lot of buildings
and there's people walking
around and they're going up and
down the steps and it looks
like.
Some type of market with some
type of fish tentacles.
And then there's another machine
that almost looks like some type
of vending machine. Woman's
opens the door and is looking at
something inside, and there's an
older man and woman and the the
woman is holding a box with some
kind of lizard in it.
And the man and his mouse
creature are still walking down
the street.
And he looks in his book.
And there's.
Strange writing and next to each
of the writing or photos of an
apple, milk, cheese, bread,
fish. Looks like some type of
potato and then the mouse type
creatures.
Is motioning to the man with a
wall with different.
Rectangles on it with different
pictures on it, different
writing, and he's.
Sort of indicating one of the
rectangles and it's the drawer.
The man opens a drawer and
inside or some strange looking
onion type things and the man's
looking in his book and he picks
one up.
Somebody picks one up and
there's a little boy holding one
of these onion type things and
the man still holding his book
and the ohh it's the man with
the glasses and the little boy
and they wave to the man in the
hat.
And they try to give him an
onion, this onion type thing,
and he says no, he points in his
book to the loaf of bread.
And then he's motioning with his
hands.
And then the man with the
glasses points to another square
on the wall, and they open up
the door.
Men with glasses opens up the
door and he's holding another
type of.
Vegetable thing and the man.
I don't know if he's eating the
vegetable thing or smelling the
vegetable thing with the man
with the hat and the man with
glasses is talking to him like
he's explaining something and
then the little boy is holding a
basket.
And the man with the hat takes
the basket, and the man with the
glasses, and the little boy, the
man is sort of motioning
somewhere to them.
Ohh so the man with the glass is
is holding some type of food
vegetable thing and the little
boys holding something and
there's looks like there's
bubbles coming out of it.
And the man
With the glasses, looks like
he's putting something in his
tasting something with his
mouth, and the man's holding
another.
Large, almost of the size of
him. Like a yeah.
Acorn or something and then
somebody's holding a looks like
some type of shellfish and then
they're holding other fish. And
then the man with the glasses
on, the thumbs up, thumbs up and
the man with the glasses is
looks like he's cut some type of
vegetables into into showing
them the inside of it and the
little boys eating something
some type of.
Onion type vegetable and then
the man with the hat.
Looks like he's eating the
whatever vegetable was that the
man with the glasses cut in half
and then the little boy is
feeding the mouse type creature
or some food and then they have
a whole basket full of all kinds
of foods that they were eating.
The little boy whispered
something to the man with the
glasses, and the man with the
glasses are there puts his arm
around the shoulder of the man
of with the hat.
And the both men are holding
baskets for food and the boy is
pointing towards a boat. And
then the the both men and the
little boy walk down to where
all these row boats are.
No. So then the little boy takes
a basket with the mouse like
creature and they're walking
towards a boat and there's a
some kind of pots on the boat.
Then something's growing out of
the pot. The boy motions over,
and the man with the hat.
Looks in the pot and it's some
type of tail was coming out of
the pipe and the man with the
hat looks shy and the little
boys laughing, and then the man
with the glasses puts his hand
on the shoulder of the man of
with the hat and looks like he's
reassuring them.
He points over again to whatever
is in the pot, the the man with
the glasses pointing for the man
with the hat, the and the little
boy takes out a cat like
creature with this tail that was
coming out of the pot. And he's
holding this cat like creature
with his long tail. And the man
is showing it to the man with
the hat and the man with the
glasses is pointing down and
the.
The cat like creature in the
mouse like creature looking at
each other on the ground.
Um.
And then?
There's hands picking up a bunch
of vegetables from the basket.
And.
The man with the hat looks
concerned.
It's hard to tell why, and the
man with the glasses looks like
he's trying to reassure him, and
the man with the hat is looking
up in the sky and holding his
hands up.
He takes out his book and he
draws.
Um like 3 houses in a tail and
he holds it up and shows to the
man with glasses and the man
With the glasses puts his hands
on his chest and then he looks
up in the sky.
And he's looking at something in
the sky.
And like
reflection from his eye, like,
it's hard to tell what it is,
but it looks like fire or
something that he's looking up
at. #END_arrival_4 OK, so that was this part
of the story. And so we've got
two more.
Both of them are graphic
novels.
I'm going to pull them up right
now.
One has around 3 slides and the
other one has 11.
OK.
#START_arrival_2 black and white
photos again. First photo is
showing. It looks like three
women sitting on a bench.
There's this, and there's a
child on the floor. They have
scarves on their heads and
there's a suitcase next to them
on the floor. And then there's
three men, caps on, sitting on a
bench, and they have suitcases
and packages on the floor.
And then there's a woman.
Looks like she's holding she's
holding the package. Or child in
arms and a man standing behind
her, facing the opposite way.
Then the man with the hat is
sitting on a bench and he's
writing something in his book.
And there's a closer up of page
of the book, but you can't tell
what he's writing. And then he
ripped the page out of this
book, and he folds it over and
he folds it again. And he makes
a bird, origami bird out of the
page. And he holds the origami
bird up in his fingertips. And
then he looks away, and then he
stands up with his book.
And then it looks like he's
looking away and he's looking
farther away. And then he holds
his hand up to shade his eyes,
and he's looking even farther
away, and there's.
Several. There's all kinds of
people on some kind of ship, and
there's white.
Birds all flying away.
Um, so it looks like there's all
kinds of people on the ship, and
there's steam funnels on the
ship, and it looks like they're
in some type of harbor with Big
city and skyscrapers, and
there's birds and flying
machines and there's other
ships.
Uh, smaller ships, large ships,
sailboats and all the people are
on deck looking out into the
city and then they pass a
steamship and there's two giant
statues that looks like they're
floating in the water on boats
and they're shaking hands. And
one two men. One of the men has
a mouse like creature and one of
the men has a a bird like
creature and then they have
different things in their.
Their boats, pots and suitcases
and baskets and teacup and
teapot.
So then there's a picture of the
large ship with the people on
it. It's the farther away
picture. You could barely see
the people on it the the boat.
It's looking out and then there
is a picture of the people
inside the boat and they're
standing and looking around and
then it looks like somebody's
conductor type person has a
megaphone and he's pointing like
directing them somewhere and
then two people open a gate up.
And there's a picture of a hand
with this holding the suitcase.
Um, and then a picture of.
Families with
suitcases and, um, crates and
packages walking like they're
getting off the ship. And then
there's a line, a long line of
people with their suitcases
getting off the ship. #END_arrival_2 right. So
we're done with this story.
The last one. Uh, we have
around 11 pages. Let's see.
Stop this one and start the next
one.
So not the black and white
picture.
#START_flowerman It looks like a
town.
There is a car in like an empty.
pool of water or some type of
water because there was an old
beat up dock and there's a
person with a green coat on.
It's the only color in in the
photo walking across the bridge
with the empty river or lake and
he's walking into a a town.
There's a gas station and a
Ferris wheel and a bar.
And bait shop.
And some type of garage and some
other buildings. Some of the
buildings have like smoke coming
out of the chimneys and there's
one other person that I see
walking along the street.
Um, so.
It looks like it might be a man
with a green coat, and he has a
blue umbrella and blue hat. He's
holding a bag and he's walked
into the street. He's walking
down the street and everything
else is still in black and
white.
He's walking through the streets
and there's the houses are kind
of in disrepair, the shuttle
shutters on the windows are
falling off and the there's two
men on a roof looking, looking
down.
At the man in the next picture
you can see people in the
windows.
Of the houses, there's one
person on a motorcycle and one
per couple people driving a car.
There's one people stand, one
person standing on the street,
another couple people walking, a
little boy standing on a
balcony.
So the man in the green coat and
the blue hat and the.
The tote bag that he's carrying
continues walking and he stops
at a house that looks like it's
in disrepair and there's a for
sale sign on it. He's looking at
the house.
And then there's people in the
windows.
Some of the other houses.
A lot of people in and then the
next picture has all the houses
to have.
People in the windows doing
different things. The street
lights are on, there's a couple
of people outside talking, and
there's a woman walking into a
house, and then there's two
people sitting on what looks
like a fountain.
So the next picture is all in
black and white except for the
man has taken off his coat. He
has blue shirt on.
There's something red in the
yard. It might be a lawn mower,
and he's fixing up the house
that he was looking at that was
for sale. And the roof is now
purple and the shutters are blue
and there's still people in the
window, all the windows of the
different.
Houses right now.
Um, there's a lot of people
walking around the streets.
There's people in wheelchairs,
there's people in scooters, and
there's people with with.
Briefcases.
Umm.
there's a
milkman
And there's more activity in the
streets. And there's the little
boy is that was on the balcony
and was looking forlorn on the
at the fountain is still
standing there looking at the
fountain looking for forlorn
So the man is in the yard of the
house that was for sale before,
and now he's has a fence around
the yard and he's planting
flowers and there's more color
of colorful flowers and then
there's a tree in the background
with.
Colorful orange and you can see
inside the house and there's
flowers on the windows and the
inside of the house is furniture
and it's all bright colors.
And the rest of the neighborhood
is still but in black and white.
Um. In the next picture, though,
it's still all in black and
white, except for now there's a
little girl that has like
reddish brown hair and a yellow
shirt and a blue skirt, and
she's holding one of the flowers
looks like one of the flowers
from.
The the man's yard and he's
might be waving at her.
And there's still some activity,
and you can see people in the
Windows, black and white, and
the little boy is still looking
at the fountain.
So in the next picture on the
left, now the the man and has
finished fixing up the house and
he's talking to the neighbors.
He has his hand on a woman's
shoulder and she's in color now
and she's smiling. And then
there's another man next to him
holding one of the flowers, his
flowers, and he's in color and
the little girls and colour.
And another person is in color,
actually most of the people in
the.
On the left hand side are all
now in color, but some of the
houses are still in black and
white people in the windows.
Some of the houses are getting
some color in them on the
shutters and on the roof.
On the right hand side, there's
still people in the windows, but
now some of the houses are have
color in them.
Um, some of the shades and the
shutters and the roofs and a few
of the people are in color, and
a few of them are in black and
white.
The boy is now in color and he's
looking into the fountain cause
it looks like there's fish with
color in them now and.
There's a moving truck and
there's people. I can't tell
whether they're moving in and
out.
Some of the houses.
OK.
So the picture on the left.
Um, the man is in his yard and
he's now grilling and all the
people, he's talking to the
people and all the people are in
the streets talking and they're
all in color now.
People in the windows.
All the houses are in color.
And on the right.
Looks like everybody's in color
now also, and they're happy and
they're smiling and they're
talking to each other. And
there's people driving in cars
and the boys now in the fountain
is now working. And there's blue
water in the fountain.
There's people driving in cars
with color, there's people with
with paintings on the sidewalk,
and Yep, everything's in color.
Uh.
Now the pictures looks like it's
in.
Darker colors. It's all
colorful, but it's kind of
darker against others. I think
that's the man with the green
coat and he's walking away from
the house.
With his bag.
All the people from the
neighborhood are still talking
to each other. It looks like
people have met each other and
fallen in love. The kids are
playing. There's people in the
windows.
There's people out of their
houses that were in the windows
before. Now they're on the roofs
or they're in the streets.
Um.
From playing with each other and
socializing and laughing and
happy.
Oh now the man in the green coat
is walking down the street and
it looks like it's night time
again. The street lights are on.
Um.
Everything looks like it's the
houses look like they're losing
color again in the houses look
like they're in disrepair again
with the drapes or shredded in
the windows, and the shutters
are falling off.
And then the other picture it
looks like.
It's hard to tell. It looks like
there's still people out in the
windows and socializing, but
it's very dark outside in colors
or dark. The colors on the roofs
and the houses are dark.
So then.
Um.
It's a photo of everything's
black and white again, except
for the purples. The sky is
purple and everybody looks sad
again and they're all there.
There's one guy.
That looks like he's drinking
and sitting on the fountain, but
everybody else is inside the
house again, and they're all in
the windows and it's all black
and white. And then
Second photos. Everything again
is in black and white, except
for the purple sky and the man
with the green coat and the blue
hat and the the bag.
And he walks to another house.
He's holding something that
looks like a candle.
And he looks at another
townhouse type house and it says
for sale.
Ohh, he maybe he was holding
flowers, I'm not sure. But
anyways he.
Walks away and a boy. A girl is
holding a flower, a purple
flower and she's in color.
Her dress was on
color, she looks happy, and a
man is holding a flower out the
window and he has his flowers
red. He has a red, his bow tie
turned red, and he looks
happier. But everything else is
in black and white except for
the man with the green coat. #END_flowerman
OK, that is everything.